Psalm 30:5 a psalm of David plead my
cause
o Lord with those who strive with me
fight against those who fight against me
take hold of shield and buckler and
stand up for my help also draw out the
spear and stop those who pursue me say
to my soul I am your salvation but those
be put to shame and brought to dishonor
who seek after my life let those be
turned back and brought to confusion who
plot my hurt
let them be like chaff before the wind
and let the angel of the Lord chase them
let their way be dark and slippery and
let the angel of the Lord pursue them
from without cause they have hidden
their net from me in a pit which they
have dug without cause for my life let
destruction come upon him unexpectedly
and let his net that he has hidden catch
himself into that very destruction let
him fall and my soul shall be joyful in
the Lord it shall rejoice in his
salvation all my bones shall say Lord
who is like you delivering the poor from
him who is too strong for him yes the
poor and the needy from him who plunders
him fierce witnesses rise up they ask me
things that I do not know they reward me
evil for good - the sorrow of my soul
but as for me when they were sick my
clothing was sackcloth I humbled myself
with fasting and my prayer would return
to my own heart
I paced about as though he were my
friend or brother I bowed down heavily
as one who mourns for his mother but in
my adversity they rejoiced and gathered
together attackers gathered against me
and I did not know it they tore at me
and did not cease with ungodly markers
at feasts they gnashed at me with their
teeth Lord how long will you look on
rescue me from their destructions my
precious life from the Lions I will give
you thanks in the great assembly I will
praise you among many people let them
not rejoice over me who are wrongfully
my enemies nor let them wink with the
eye who hate me without a cause for they
do not speak peace but they devise
deceitful matters against the quiet ones
in the land they also opened their
mouths wide against me and said aha aha
our eyes have seen it this you have seen
our Lord do not keep silence o Lord do
not be far from me stir up yourself and
awake to my vindication to my cause my
god and my lord vindicate me O Lord my
God according to your righteousness and
let them not rejoice over me let them
not say in their hearts ah so we would
have it let them not say we have
swallowed him up let them be ashamed and
brought to mutual confusion who rejoice
at my heart let them be clothed with
shame and dishonor who exalt themselves
against me let them shout for joy and be
glad who favored my righteous cause and
let them say continually let the Lord be
magnified who has pleasure in the
prosperity of his servant and my tongue
shall speak of your righteousness
and of your praise all the day long
[Music]